

OPERATION Kiwawu

Customizable social media


intent:

features
disable comments
ban ip address/mac
css valadator
background music spotif api to link
tag limit of 5

Goals:
3 moth ALPHA v0.5
    features
        profil setup
          UPLOAD PICTURE
        mutiple board per user
        finD alt search engine AND IMPLMENT
6 month public beta v0.75
1 year v1.0


PRICTUE UPLOAD:
  WEBSITE EDITOR based customization

CSS
  VALIDATOR https://github.com/CSSLint/csslint/wiki
  popular css models/standard
  custom css option for standard templet(get rid of bs code)toggle button

NEWS FEEDS
    ONE FEED EVERONE YOU SUBSCRIBES
    FRENDS
    SUGGESTION
    TOP TRENDIONG
    NEWEST ADDED (FOR A DAY) RANDOM
COLLECTION
    FRIENDS
    SUBSCRIBED
    SUBSCRIBERS




RSS


ALLOW A GROUP OF PEOPLE TO EDIT POST

So here is where ill put  what is in my head.   I will probably lay out some goals some long-term and Midterm goals. Some of this might not be possible, and if that's the case call me out on it. Objective criticism is always good.


 Okay so what I'm thinking is like a completely customizable social media.
Say we have user A. well A has an in his mind of basically a youtube channel. He goes to our site and we give a blank ‘board’ now he can customize his board in all sorts of ways. background , font, placement of videos.

So how would he go about building this? So we have a few ready made templates. Think like a normal social media profile; Or we have different sizes of boxes that he can position himself on his ‘board’
In those boxes he can define what goes into them. Picture here, header image here, he can define a box as videos and different options to display those, like a deck of cards or cds in a juke box
Comments under the vid
Users can have multiple boards
Can be private
Password protected
Ability to have comments or not
Start everyone first board is basically a fb page, they can customize it once made, thats the first ‘board’ people see when finding friends or companies. Companies would make this there advertising pg most likely.
Other users can interact with your board only as defined by you.
Comments (Y/N) Photos (Y/N) Images (Y/N) Videos (Y/N)
Users can moderate comments and elect other moderators for his/her own board
Im fucking starving
“Recommended boards”
Have a feed of boards the user chooses,
Listen to music of boards?(!!!)

User B is a girl and wants to make a collage. But doesnt want people to see in the first profile “my boards’ she can use it as a diary also.

Users can build templates. Have an area for that. Template exchange

More of a template to make a simple website

Skill gap compression for the internet

Reddit but has the possibility to looks better?
